docs: troubleshooting for signin error message (#11268)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Support/troubleshooting.mdx

To manage dependencies in Langflow Desktop, see [Install custom dependencies in Langflow Desktop](/install-custom-dependencies#langflow-desktop).

### An API key must be passed as query or header

> After upgrading to Langflow 1.7.1+, users attempting to sign up receive an error: "An API key must be passed as query or header."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Langflow 1.7.1 and later, users attempting to sign up can receive an error: "An API key must be passed as query or header."
```

> When attempting to sign up for a new account with `LANGFLOW_AUTO_LOGIN=false` set in the `.env`, users attempting to sign up on the Langflow login page receive the following errors:

Reviewer: Lines 152-157 are semi redundant. Please streamline them.

To manage dependencies in Langflow Desktop, see [Install custom dependencies in Langflow Desktop](/install-custom-dependencies#langflow-desktop).

### An API key must be passed as query or header

The following error can occur when attempting to sign up on the Langflow sign in page: `An API key must be passed as query or header`.

This means that `LANGFLOW_AUTO_LOGIN` is set to `false`, and since only superusers can create and activate non-superuser accounts, you are locked out of Langflow.

If you aren't an administrator, then a superuser must create and activate a non-superuser account before you can sign in.

If you are the administrator, sign in with a superuser account, or restart Langflow with `LANGFLOW_AUTO_LOGIN=true`.

> For more information, see [Start Langflow Server with authentication enabled](/api-keys-and-authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Start Langflow Server with authentication enabled](/api-keys-and-authentication#start-a-langflow-server-with-authentication-enabled).
```

I recommend the anchored link here because the api key + auth page is quite long.
